Re-jigged the landing and getting started pages (#1901)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/core-concepts/why-turborepo.mdx

# Why Turborepo?

## The problem

> Monorepos have many advantages - but **they struggle to scale**. Each workspace you add has its own test suite, its own linting and its own build process. A single monorepo might have **hundreds of tasks to perform**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monorepos have many advantages - but **they struggle to scale**. Each workspace has its own test suite, its own linting and its own build process. A single monorepo might have **hundreds of tasks to execute**.
```

"execute" for consistency "executing tasks" is a recurring phrase everywhere to really drill in by repetition 🏋🏾
